Use new list format in the GTN (#5054)
galaxyproject/training-material: topics/dev/tutorials/community-tool-table/tutorial.md

The interactive table will contain all the tools associated with the ToolShed categories that you selected. However, not all of these tools might be interesting for your community. 

Galaxy Tool Metadata Extractor provides an optional filter for tools, that can be defined by the community curator (maybe that is you !).

> ## Add a tools status list 

Reviewer: We could maybe remove this section and make them adding `tools_status.tsv` only in "Review all tools in your table" section. wdyt?

Author: I had the same idea, its probably cleaner ... will adapt.

The interactive table will contain all the tools associated with the ToolShed categories that you selected. However, not all of these tools might be interesting for your community. 

Galaxy Tool Metadata Extractor allows for an additional optional filter for tools, that can be defined by the community curator (maybe that is you !).

> The additional filter must be stored in a file called  `tools_status.tsv` located in `data/community/<your community>`. The file must include 3 columns (without header). The first column is the `Galaxy wrapper id` corresponding to the IDs in the `tools.tsv` file in `results/<your community>`. The second column states weather the tool should be included in the final table (TRUE/FALSE). The third column states if the tool is deprecated (TRUE/FALSE).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The additional filter must be stored in a file called  `tools_status.tsv` located in `data/community/<your community>`. The file must include 3 columns (without header):
1. The `Galaxy wrapper id` corresponding to the IDs in the `tools.tsv` file in `results/<your community>`. 
2. Whether the tool should be included in the final table (TRUE/FALSE). 
3. Whether the tool is deprecated (TRUE/FALSE).
```
